[kv] Add row TTL support (#3621)
apache/fluss: website/docs/table-design/data-distribution/ttl.md

```sql title="Flink SQL"
CREATE TABLE pk_table
(
    id BIGINT,
    name STRING,
    PRIMARY KEY (id) NOT ENFORCED
) WITH (
    'bucket.num' = '4',
    'table.row.ttl' = '7 d'
);
```

Row TTL is best-effort cleanup. A row becomes eligible for cleanup after the configured duration, but expired rows may still be visible until RocksDB compaction removes them. Fluss stores the TTL timestamp in the primary-key table value and uses a compaction filter to remove expired rows during RocksDB compaction.

TTL cleanup does not emit delete records. Downstream consumers of `$changelog` or `$binlog` will not receive delete changes when rows expire due to TTL.

By default, row TTL uses processing time. To use event time, configure `table.row.ttl.time-column` when creating the table:

```sql title="Flink SQL"
CREATE TABLE pk_table_with_event_time
(
    id BIGINT,
    event_time BIGINT,
    name STRING,
    PRIMARY KEY (id) NOT ENFORCED
) WITH (
    'bucket.num' = '4',
    'table.row.ttl' = '7 d',
    'table.row.ttl.time-column' = 'event_time'
);
```

The event-time column must be `BIGINT` epoch milliseconds or `TIMESTAMP_LTZ`. Rows with null event-time values do not expire through row TTL.

> Row TTL must be configured when creating the primary key table. Changing or disabling `table.row.ttl`, or changing `table.row.ttl.time-column`, with `ALTER TABLE ... SET` or `ALTER TABLE ... RESET` is not supported in this version.

Author: Issue updated.

Fluss supports TTL for data by setting the TTL attribute for tables with `'table.log.ttl' = '<duration>'` (default is 7 days). Fluss can periodically and automatically check for and clean up expired data in the table.

For log tables, this attribute indicates the expiration time of the log table data.

> For primary key tables, this attribute indicates the expiration time of the changelog and does not represent the expiration time of the primary key table data. If you also want the data in the primary key table to expire automatically, please use [auto partitioning](partitioning.md#auto-partitioning).

Reviewer: I think it's still useful to retain the partition TTL document here.

Author: Addressed. The TTL overview now retains an entry for auto-partition expiration and links to the existing Auto Partitioning documentation.

```sql title="Flink SQL"
CREATE TABLE pk_table
(
    id BIGINT,
    name STRING,
    PRIMARY KEY (id) NOT ENFORCED
) WITH (
    'bucket.num' = '4',
    'table.kv.row.ttl' = '7 d'
);
```

Row TTL is best-effort cleanup. A row becomes eligible for cleanup after the configured duration, but expired rows may still be visible until RocksDB compaction removes them. Fluss stores the TTL timestamp in the primary-key table value and uses a compaction filter to remove expired rows during RocksDB compaction.

TTL cleanup does not emit delete records. Downstream consumers of `$changelog` or `$binlog` will not receive delete changes when rows expire due to TTL.

By default, row TTL uses processing time. To use event time, configure `table.kv.row.ttl.time-column` when creating the table:

```sql title="Flink SQL"
CREATE TABLE pk_table_with_event_time
(
    id BIGINT,
    event_time BIGINT,
    name STRING,
    PRIMARY KEY (id) NOT ENFORCED
) WITH (
    'bucket.num' = '4',
    'table.kv.row.ttl' = '7 d',
    'table.kv.row.ttl.time-column' = 'event_time'
);
```

> The event-time column must be `BIGINT` epoch milliseconds or `TIMESTAMP_LTZ`. Rows with null event-time values do not expire through row TTL.

Reviewer: Why `TIMESTAMP` type is not supported?

Author: Addressed. Event-time TTL now supports BIGINT, TIMESTAMP, and TIMESTAMP_LTZ. TIMESTAMP is interpreted using the TabletServer system time zone, and the documentation states that all TabletServers must use the same system time zone. The behavior is covered by a non-UTC test.

By default, row TTL uses processing time. To use event time, configure `table.kv.ttl.time-column` when creating the table:

```sql title="Flink SQL"
CREATE TABLE pk_table_with_event_time
(
    id BIGINT,
    event_time BIGINT,
    name STRING,
    PRIMARY KEY (id) NOT ENFORCED
) WITH (
    'bucket.num' = '4',
    'table.kv.ttl' = '7 d',
    'table.kv.ttl.time-column' = 'event_time'
);
```

The event-time column must be `BIGINT` epoch milliseconds, `TIMESTAMP`, or `TIMESTAMP_LTZ`. `TIMESTAMP` values are interpreted in the TabletServer's system time zone, so all TabletServers must use the same system time zone. Rows with null event-time values do not expire through row TTL.

Row TTL must be configured when creating the primary key table. Changing or disabling `table.kv.ttl`, or changing `table.kv.ttl.time-column`, with `ALTER TABLE ... SET` or `ALTER TABLE ... RESET` is not supported in this version.

## Rolling Upgrades

> Existing tables remain usable during a rolling upgrade. Before creating a row-TTL table, upgrade every server so that all servers understand the tagged value layout used for row TTL. After a row-TTL table exists, downgrading to a version that does not understand that layout is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before creating a row-TTL primary key table, upgrade every server to Fluss 1.0+ so that all servers understand the tagged value layout used for row TTL. After a row-TTL table exists, downgrading to a version < 1.0 that does not understand that layout is not supported.
```

The rolling upgrades section should be a sub-section of the KV TTL, so I removed the section title.
